Remove bracket rotations in favor of <x, y, z>. Addresses #757. (#888)
thewca/wca-regulations: wca-regulations.md

        - 12a2b) Counter-clockwise, 90 degrees: nFw', nBw', nRw', nLw', nUw', nDw'.
        - 12a2c) 180 degrees: nFw2, nBw2, nRw2, nLw2, nUw2, nDw2.
    - 12a4) Rotations (entire puzzle):

>         - 12a4a) Clockwise, 90 degrees: x (same direction as R), x', y (same direction as U), y', z (same direction as F), z'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - 12a4a) Clockwise, 90 degrees: x (same direction as R or L'), y (same direction as U or D'), z (same direction as F or B').
```

>         - 12a4b) Counter-clockwise, 90 degrees: x', x, y', y, z', z.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - 12a4b) Counter-clockwise, 90 degrees: x' (same direction as U' or D), y' (same direction as R' or L), z' (same direction as F' or B).
```

>         - 12a4c) 180 degrees: x2, x2, y2, y2, z2, z2.

Reviewer 2: Repeating each rotation twice seems confusing to newcomers.

>         - 12a4c) 180 degrees: x2, x2, y2, y2, z2, z2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - 12a4c) 180 degrees: x2, y2, z2.
```

>         - 12a4b) Counter-clockwise, 90 degrees: x' (same direction as U' or D), y' (same direction as R' or L), z' (same direction as F' or B).

Reviewer 3: x' and y' are reversed. ( x' is R'/L) and (y' is U'/D)

Author: Thank you for the catch!

Author: ```suggestion
        - 12a4b) Counter-clockwise, 90 degrees: x' (same direction as R' or L), y' (same direction as U' or D), z' (same direction as F' or B).
```
